Updating versions and CHANGELOG. (#297)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.4.0 (30/05/2020)

**olp-sdk-authentication**

- Updated `olp-sdk-fetch` to version 1.4.0.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-api**

- Deprecated `commitOffsets` function in stream-api.

**olp-sdk-fetch**

- Updated dependencies.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-read**

- Added the `LRUCache` class. 
- Replaced `Map` to `LRUCache` in the `KeyValueCache` with 2Mb capacity by default.
- Added caching for metadata for the methods `getPartitions` and `getData` in Versioned and Volatile layer clients.

> - Added method `getSize` to the `KeyValueCache` for retrieving current size of the LRU cache.
> - Added method `setCapacity` to the `KeyValueCache` for setting the new size of the LRU cache.
> - Added method `getCapacity` to the `KeyValueCache` for retrieving the current capacity of the LRU cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added methods `getSize`, `setCapacity` and `getCapacity` to `KeyValueCache` for retrieving the current size, setting a new size and retrieving the total capacity of the LRU cache instance.
```

- Deprecated method `getQuadKey` in DataRequest.
- Deprecated method `withQuadKey` in DataRequest.

> - Add function `getTile` for retrieving the binnary data of the tile by the key of the tile with caching `QuarTreeIndex` metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the helper function `getTile` for retrieving binary data of a versioned or a volatile layer, by using a `TileKey`. This function will optimize the metadata caching by requesting a quadtree with depth 4. This way all following requests withing the same quadtree will benefit from already cached metadata.
```

> - Add method `withFetchOption` to the `DataRequest` and `PartitionsRequest` for enabling/disabling cache. Enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added method `withFetchOption` and `getFetchOption` to `DataRequest` and `PartitionsRequest` for giving the user the possibility to define on how and from where to retrieve data and metadata. Possible options are `OnlineIfNotFound`, `CacheOnly` and `OnlineOnly`.
```

> - Add method `getFetchOption` to the `DataRequest` and `PartitionsRequest` for getting status of the cache settings.

Reviewer: Remove.
